[FLINK-34686][cdc] add docs about yarn deployment (#3163)
apache/flink-cdc: docs/content/docs/deployment/yarn.md

You can refer [overview](../connectors/pipeline-connectors/overview.md) to check supported versions and download [the binary release](https://flink.apache.org/downloads/) of Flink,
then extract the archive:

```bash
tar -xzf flink-*.tgz
```

You should set `FLINK_HOME` environment variables like:

```bash
export FLINK_HOME=/path/flink-*
```

### Starting a Flink Session on YARN

Once you've made sure that the `HADOOP_CLASSPATH` environment variable is set, you can launch a Flink on YARN session:

```bash
# we assume to be in the root directory of 
# the unzipped Flink distribution

# export HADOOP_CLASSPATH
export HADOOP_CLASSPATH=`hadoop classpath`

# Start YARN session
./bin/yarn-session.sh --detached

# Stop YARN session (replace the application id based 
# on the output of the yarn-session.sh command)
echo "stop" | ./bin/yarn-session.sh -id application_XXXXX_XXX
```

After starting YARN session, you can now access the Flink Web UI through the URL printed in the last lines of the command output, or through the YARN ResourceManager web UI.

Then, you need to add two configs to your flink-conf.yaml:

```yaml

> rest.bind-port: {{REST_PORT}}
> rest.address: {{NODE_IP}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rest.bind-port: {{REST_PORT}}
rest.address: {{NODE_IP}}
execution.target: yarn-session
yarn.application.id: {{YARN_APPLICATION_ID}}
```

```

> {{REST_PORT}} and {{NODE_IP}} should be replaced by the actual values of your JobManager Web Interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{REST_PORT}} and {{NODE_IP}} should be replaced by the actual values of your JobManager Web Interface, and {{YARN_APPLICATION_ID}} should be replaced by the actual YARN application ID of Flink.
```

### Set up Flink CDC
Download the tar file of Flink CDC from [release page](https://github.com/apache/flink-cdc/releases), then extract the archive:

```bash
tar -xzf flink-cdc-*.tar.gz
```

> flink-cdc directory will contain four directories: `bin`,`lib`,`log`,`conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracted `flink-cdc` contains four directories: `bin`,`lib`,`log` and `conf`.
```

Download the connector package listed below and move it to the `lib` directory.    
**Download links are available only for stable releases, SNAPSHOT dependencies need to be built based on master or release branches by yourself.**
- [MySQL pipeline connector 3.0.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/flink/flink-cdc-pipeline-connector-mysql/3.0.0/flink-cdc-pipeline-connector-mysql-3.0.0.jar)

> - [Apache Doris pipeline connector 3.0.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/flink/flink-cdc-pipeline-connector-doris/3.0.0/flink-cdc-pipeline-connector-doris-3.0.0.jar)

Reviewer: What about pointing to the `Connectors` page? It's hard to list all connectors here

### Submit a Flink CDC Job
Here is an example file for synchronizing the entire database `mysql-to-doris.yaml`：

```yaml
################################################################################
# Description: Sync MySQL all tables to Doris
################################################################################
source:
 type: mysql
 hostname: localhost
 port: 3306
 username: root
 password: 123456
 tables: app_db.\.*
 server-id: 5400-5404
 server-time-zone: UTC

sink:
 type: doris
 fenodes: 127.0.0.1:8030
 username: root
 password: ""

pipeline:
 name: Sync MySQL Database to Doris
 parallelism: 2

```

You need to modify the configuration file according to your needs.
Finally, submit job to Flink Standalone cluster using Cli.

```bash
cd /path/flink-cdc-*

> ./bin/flink-cdc.sh mysql-to-doris.yaml

Reviewer 2: We simply use`$> flink-cdc.sh mysql-to-doris.yaml`

> ./bin/flink-cdc.sh mysql-to-doris.yaml

Author: The file `flink-cdc.sh` is in the bin directory, you mean we should use `cd /path/flink-cdc-*/bin` then submit yaml ?

> ./bin/flink-cdc.sh mysql-to-doris.yaml

Reviewer 2: I got your point after read https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/try-flink/local_installation/#starting-and-stopping-a-local-cluster

```

After successful submission, the return information is as follows：

```bash
Pipeline has been submitted to cluster.
Job ID: ae30f4580f1918bebf16752d4963dc54
Job Description: Sync MySQL Database to Doris
```

> We can find a job  named `Sync MySQL Database to Doris` is running through Flink Web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a job named `Sync MySQL Database to Doris` running through Flink Web UI.
```
